and flour
and we have
how they come out obviously already has its
first medal a bronze let's see the
What a good ball this gymnast like me
like
at her feet at her feet ladies at the end
your feet that exercise has done what
emotion everything I was here that did not
I wanted to breathe that delight and feel
the music and delicacy sweetness
delicacy to know that a soul
while the interpretation is a figure that
extent that amplitude that jumps that
power the handling of the ball has
there's been there I have to go but very
intelligent has lengthened a little more the
arms had to be inserted while
is collecting the ball because it is
in a moment of rotation with the wheel
lateral and we are doing very well very well
embedded is very smart very look
look in his place does not lose sight of the
perfect ball collecting here the
launch in the jump there goes a
a little too long he also lacks a
little bit the back leg but let's go
which is to put a but
and this bearing and I think that of the
Sometimes most complete I've seen it
normally it picks it up below the
hamstring and today has come almost up to
Achilles tendon
what good is very good note
He had 17 866 17 800